I just have nothing
none I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever
I heard you had to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see you sis what brings you
home
we have unfinished business
we have to go back to where it all
started
lucky us
one thing's for sure it's gonna be a
hell of a reunion
[Music]
I'm still family back together again you
got fat
[Music]
what's the last thing you remember Danny
you said we had to run the reason you
survived it's because you're a very
uncommon girl you're not alone not
anymore
do you know what mutants are would
anyone like to she had their first time
rain I was 13 I thought it was a dream I
just lost control
so I started panicking people got hurt
Roberto my girlfriend
[Music]
Liliana
I killed 18 men one by one
[Music]
this isn't a hospital it's a cage it's
important we find out your collar so we
can help you get better I saw something
I don't think she wanted me to see
I don't think we're here to cut better
this place takes your greatest fear and
later lived through it until it kills
you is there we can get out of this
together
[Music]
[Applause]
my life hasn't been what you probably
think it has we all have our struggles
have you ever been in love a long long
time ago you so many times yeah all the
time
[Music]
welcome to the future
life is good but it can be better why
shouldn't it be all you need is to what
think about finally having everything
you always wanted
I can see today
I take I want in return
everyone must see
[Applause]
and I'll need you
you know you meet you
[Music]
nothing good is born from lies
and greatness is not what you think
[Music]
Oh art ah that justice trashcan is just
a trash camp
yeah yeah you know what a Harlequin is a
Harlequins role is to serve its nothing
without a master
no one gives two shits who we are beyond
death
the Joker and I broke up I wanted a
fresh start but it turns out I wasn't
the only daemon got them looking for
emancipation
ocular new queen she talks me
who are you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
you need
after all of us
[Music]
we should order pizza
[Applause]
[Music]
who's having a good time
[Applause]
you psycho chick could never call a
woman chick I'll accept fraud lady woman
but on occasion [ __ ] eh please have to
move that for anyway and initiate
sequencing
[Music]
and home memories are made of this what
is this place
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this
but you got yourself killed at rst we'd
rebuild the most important assets in the
US military soldiers like yourself
you're the first who we've successfully
managed to bring back but improved
enhance with the technology in your
veins you have an army inside you that
will not only make you stronger they
will heal you instantly porridge
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going I got unfinished
business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
it's not good all right sundown and
initiate sequence okay who is the next
target for elimination
these are made of they tell me do you
remember anything go I know you guys I
don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
you control me for
you sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
knew nothing about men lately
- the UV fantastic
I feel like I just heard this as a plain
assembly people
you